[music]
Hello, farmers, and welcome to another episode of The Harvest Season. My name is Al,
And my name is Cody.
and we are here to talk about one thing and one thing only, and that is pokopia.
Sucksong, woo-hoo, woo-hoo, Sucksong.
Now, our actual main topic, for some reason, is a YouTube playable called Farmland. Now,
if you're thinking what is a youtube player
that is a great question. YouTube apparently have games now and they're called youtube
playables and I found out about that like last week and there I had a look through and I was
Mm-hmm.
like are any of these farming games and one of them was a farming game so I went let's talk about
that then and we'll maybe get 10 minutes discussion out of it I don't know we'll see I suspect the main
topic will not actually be that, but that's what we're listing.
Wow
As the main topic, I said, I said maybe, maybe.
You think we're gonna get
Okay, well I am playing it right now, so I'm gonna see how far I can get that's true I
I have played it for at least 10 minutes, so surely I can talk about it for at least 10 minutes.
Also have played it for at least 10 minutes. I'm currently
Doing stuff so yeah very cool
It's going to be quite the jump from two hours talking about Grand Bazaar last week too.
We're going to talk about that. We have a bunch of news because the Nintendo Direct was yesterday,
I'm sure we can find a way to talk about it for...
and all I want to do is talk about Paul Coppier, so we will talk about that.
Mm-hmm
But first Al what have you been up to uh-huh, uh-huh
Well, Cody, thank you for asking, so kind of you. This week I've basically just been continuing
playing Grand Bazaar, which is unusual. I'm continuing to play a game after I covered it
it on the podcast. And I think
I think I've doubled my playtime on it now. So, yeah, that's something. I'm very much enjoying
it. I've unlocked a bunch of stuff that I knew about in theory, and a bunch of stuff that I
didn't know about. So it's, yeah, continuing to be good, continuing to be fun. I am half a million
and one stall away from finishing to become the... Interestingly, not. So, you haven't listened.
the last podcast, Cody. So you won't know about this, but your bazaar ranks up. So you start off
Nope, yep.
as a local bazaar, and then you become a regional bazaar, and then a national bazaar, and it gets
bigger, bigger, bigger. And I was like, "Oh, OK, cool. So the last rank is going to be grand bazaar,
right? Because it's grand bazaar." No, it's not. It's called a world bazaar.
Yeah, but that, but it's supposed to be grand.
Yeah, I don't know why they're calling it...
So that means there's not, you're not at the, it hasn't achieved its final form yet.
There's going to be more.
Maybe. I doubt it. But yeah, so I've got half a million of sales to make and one more stall to
put up, which this stall is taking a while because I need to have three-star honey, three-star
mushrooms, and three-star fish. And I haven't been doing the honey and the mushrooms, and I've not
really been doing the fish. I've been doing a bit of the fish, but not really. So I've been kind of
of just grinding away at those three to try and level them up while doing other
things. And I think I'm pretty close to getting married. I've got like, is it 8 out of 10 hearts with
Kagetsu? I think that's her name. So yeah, that's probably about it.
Mm-hmm. I'm gonna nod like I know
I also found, oh no, one last thing. I found out there is a teleporter in the game. You can get,
once you get three stones, there's like a wind stone, a something else stone,
and something else. It might be water and fire. I don't know.
Am I playing Avatar? No Earth, though. Or maybe there was an Earth one. There are three,
That would make sense.
not four, so there's three of them. And once you combine them, you can then warp to anywhere
on the map. So I want to do that. So I guess we'll see how long it takes to get to that as well.
If I finish everything else I want to do before that, then I'm probably not going to continue
playing the game just to do that. But anyway. Yeah, that's...
That's me, Cody. What have you been up to?
Uh, well right now I'm playing farmland and I need to set it down, um, to see what I'm
talking about.
Uh, what I have been up to is, uh, y'all won't believe it still my PhD though I, we have
started trying to set a date.
I was going to try and defend in December, but then we were like, there's a lot of holidays
around there.
It's also kind of hit or miss some of the people on my committee, um, are from other
countries and usually travel back to the U.S.
internationally during that time.
Um, and so we were like, let's just do January after the holidays and everything.
So it'll be the last two weeks of January.
We are narrowing it down.
So I have a lot to do until then.
Um, I have a lot of writing and I really hate writing.
Like, I mean, I, so I enjoy writing.
I enjoy reading the things that people do, but because of my ADHD, I have really
ridiculous executive dysfunction when it comes to writing.
And because I'm like, Oh, what do I start with? Like, where do
what do I do? Where do I whatever? And so luckily, right
now for one of my chapters, I'm in the massaging stage of it.
So like, it's there, I just need to like, add some more stuff
and read some more papers. But yep. Also, on top of that, we
Fair enough.
are gonna get a puppy.
Oh, whoo, literally. Oh, whoo.
Yeah, I'm not sure if I've mentioned this on the pod, but
but my geriatric.
Beagle is now on the across the Rainbow Bridge.
He was very old, very crotchety, and he went on his own terms.
But it was his time.
So I'm like, I'm pretty I'm pretty sure with it.
But Stella does seem to want another furry creature.
And we also have been wanting to possibly get another Aussie puppy.
So we've put them down the deposit.
We have four possible ones.
I'll put these in the spoiler thread.
I got four options. They're all blue murals, and they're voo-ver-cute.
people to click into before the podcast is even out as they always do. They're really, really
There you go. You can look at them now.
I'm, I'm looking, no, so fluffy.
Okay, so I have this...
I'm going to pretend that this is the same moment I'm getting a puppy, I put it in a thread on slack to be looked at after Wednesday the 17th.
I'm getting one of these. I don't know which one.
Yo, does one of them have heterochromia?
It might be. They might. The blue murals?
Heterochromia.
Looks like one blue in one brain, eh?
So it's possible that their eyes are just still changing colors.
We'll know more when they're older.
But I don't think we have any more updates of them, but it's the same breeder that we got Stella from.
We love her dogs. She takes really good care of her dogs. She really cares about all of them. There's not updates.
So yeah, we just we're getting another one. That's very exciting.
We're trying to figure out names. So if it's the female, there's one of those that's female.
And if it's a female, we want to name her Peppercorn. If it's a male, we don't know what to name him.
We're not soliciting names at this time. So I named Stella after that game that broke my heart, Spiritfarer.
Oh, yes.
So I am soliciting game. Peppercorn, it's a lady.
So, Hornet then, obviously.
So the one from Hollow Knight, he doesn't have a name, does he?
Yeah, but also I'm an entomologist.
The one from Hollow Knight. What one from Hollow Knight?
The main character, the playable character.
He's just the knight, I think.
Yeah.
So, yeah, that's not a name, that's my point.
But yeah, he doesn't have his own name.
Yeah, I know.
So if I'm going to go with Hornet, I would have to go with, like, Dolico.
Or Dolico Vespi.
Like, I have to go, like, the scientific name.
And I did start, their names are...
Their names are, right now, they are the baby sharks.
And so there's, like, Tiger, and Whale, and Great White, and Mako.
So that's, like, their names right now.
the theme of--
this litter, and so I was looking up shark stuff last night, and I came up
like sharks-- the entire clade of sharks is called like solachia, but I
don't want to do that, but it looks like it's slouchy. I don't really love that
either, so we're workshopping it. I would love advice, suggestions, give me some
suggestions y'all, but most importantly the biggest thing I've been up to--
actually it's not the biggest thing, biggest thing is my PhD, but the thing
Y'all, no. No, because it's free on Game Pass.
So song. So did you buy it on releasing?
Yes.
Did you download it on release day?
Could this be? This is like this is this was like when when
my six year old Craig, he's very like single minded on things.
Uh-huh.
Right. And I'll go right.
Can you put your plate in the kitchen, please?
And he was like, it's not a plate, it's a bowl.
I'm like, OK, can you put your bowl in the kitchen, please?
And that felt like that interaction there.
It's like, did you buy it on the release day?
And like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, because it's free.
I got it for free.
And it's like, OK, but did you get it on release day?
Oh, my word, I'm sorry for choosing the wrong words.
What I'm hearing is Craig and I would get along.
If you ever have any questions about bugs,
I would answer any and all questions.
I am going to play it at first, because I thought I was going to get sucked in and not be able to get sucked in and only play and not work.
Which has happened for like a day, like one day, but I also needed a day off because right now I'm just not taking days off, I'm just working like a little less on the weekends and quote unquote weekends.
Like I don't have certain days that I'm supposed to week, so sorry work, so anyway, slow song, love it, 10 out of 10, I have it.
Yes, so you got some song you did not purchase it and and yeah, tell me about it cuz I so you played Hollow Knight, right? I
Did I played it up to?
What was the one there's like one where you've got like like three big rolling bugs and they're like, yeah
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
I hate those ones
I couldn't get past them in the time that I had and then I went moved on to a different game
can't remember what it was and
Every time I went back, I went, "Oh!"
I'm right at it, like I paused it right at the point where I was having the most difficulty
and struggling, and it's like, you can't get back into a game at that point, so I never got back into it.
And yeah, so I love the combat, and I love the exploration, and I hate the backtracking,
and Silksong seems bigger and more annoying, and therefore I'm glad that people are enjoying it,
but I don't think I'm going to get it. So now tell me how you're enjoying it.
I'm enjoying it. I do agree. We think that my husband and I talk about it a lot and we think
that like Team Cherry has knocked it out of the park. They basically took Hollow Knight and just
increased the difficulty level a little bit. Some people might say a lot of it, but I think a lot
of us have like become disillusioned with how difficult Hollow Knight is because people have
been playing it for years. And so they're like, oh, this isn't hard. And I'm like, you don't remember
Mm hmm. Oh, hey, no, it is. Yeah.
when you first started playing this game and you
were dying to like tiny little mobs like they people just like have forgotten that and they're
like this is so hard it's like no you just you just forgot because you've been playing hollow
night for seven years um but I really like it um I haven't been putting as much time as my husband
has and uh he says i'm more efficient at bosses so not to brag but um I also like that there are
multiple things you can do and multiple ways you can go so it's not just like one
path um and I think hall and I did this as well but like it there are things that my husband or
one of my friends who's been playing have like found and they're like oh have you gotten to this
part yet and i'm like oh I completely when I went through that area that didn't happen
so like there's just completely different storylines based on what you do um and yeah
Yeah, they definitely did that in Hollow Knight, where especially at the end there were like
a million different endings, depending on exactly what you did during the game.
Yeah.
Yup, so they have that.
You don't want to play a million times.
Which is murder. Which is murder for me. Like, because you're like,
Yup.
Well, but Al, the current speed run is only an hour.
"Which ending do I want? How many times do I want to play? How many endings do I want? I don't know."
So you can beat it.
oh for goodness sake that's just
Yup.
You beat it.
so stupid how it's been it has been just over a week just over a week and and someone has
Yup.
managed to get to the point where they can complete it in an hour that is madness
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I don't know how people are doing this.
People are weird.
People are wild.
But yeah, so I'm really enjoying it.
I think it deserves a lot more time to talk about it
than just this little what have I been up to.
So I have prepared some notes about why we should have silks.
So first of all, we have had other podcast episodes that were about games that were not cottage core, and actually if I remember correctly, we started out as a farming podcast, but then we did Animal Crossing, so then we opened it up to a cottage core.
Excuse me, Animal Crossing has farming in it, thank you very much.
It didn't at the beginning when we played it.
But we played it. Buh buh buh buh buh buh buh.
I said it has, not had, it has farming in it.
Yeah, but when we when it did not at the time, so.
OK, so you're trying to suggest that instead Silksong is Cottagecore, is that what you're
trying to say?
No, no, I would not say this song is cottage core. What I would say is that it is a game that is well loved by people who play this, who are who host sometimes co host this podcast.
Okay.
Um, and I
I believe that people would enjoy hearing it hearing us talk about it hearing me rant about it for like an hour
So I'm just saying like if we're sticking with the oh but it's not cottagecore like we played Animal Crossing when we were just farming
podcast we also have played Balatro
which before Balatro got
Was that not a greenhouse episode?
Nope that was a regular episode
We did a regular episode in Balatro?
Why on earth did we do that?
It's yeah, I don't know. I I was scrolling back through the previous episodes and I found that so
What?
Oh my word, so it's last November?
What on earth was that about?
Who did that?
Me and Kevin?
Why did we do that?
Oh, I tell you exactly what it was.
It was because that was when they released the "Dave the Diver" crossover.
Following
Okay, but but
Also, there is farming in Silksong I've been farming to get rosaries
Yeah, OK, so there's two, I'm sorry, you literally grow something at the very start of the first
You just do the same area. Oh also turnip boy
The fact that he is a turnip does not mean that it's a farming game or a cottagecore game. I'm sorry you rob a bank
Turn and Buy game. Thank you. Yeah, I know, I'm pretty sure you still grow stuff in that
The first one but the second one you rob a bank
one as well. Plus, we all know this is not just a Cottagecore podcast, this is a Cottagecore
I'm pretty sure
Okay. Well, so that's the thing is that you, when I suggested it, you said that's not a cottage
core game. So I was like, okay, so I came prepared, uh, some other things. Um, it has sold so many,
so many copies. It sold over 50, no, over 5 million. No, sorry. It made over $50 million
in the first three days. Um, it has over 5 million players right now. And that's not including people
like my husband who bought it on multiple. So he bought it, he bought it on multiple platforms.
Um, uh, team cherry is arguably another concern concerned ape human where this is a very limited
studio. They only have three people and they just develop this behemoth that basically spawns its
own little like genre and like love of things and like little creature stuff, like love it. Um,
and they sold it. It is only $20. They could have made this game.
Like the full 60, $70 and people would have bought it on multiple platforms again,
but they didn't. And you know what? That is anti-capitalist and arguably that is cottage core.
Uh, and finally they do have cozy vibes. So I don't know if you've seen the videos of Sherma.
She's this little character that like is playing music. Um, and she's trying to open gates and
stuff based on, uh, these music that she plays. And she thinks that her music is getting her through
it. Um, but she's so sweet and people have made entire remixes of her song. Um,
yeah, there's a lot of singing in this. Like you come upon multiple characters that are singing.
Uh, I also really love chakra. So listeners, if you are, uh, if this hasn't been cut out
and if you would have liked to see to hear a song song episode.
I like how I'm going to cut stuff out of this short episode, come on.
Uh, if you would like to hear a silk song, a silk song episode with me and another human,
uh, just say, uh, pachanko in the, in the Slack and tweet it to us, uh, Instagram it at us, whatever.
I don't have an Instagram, do we?
I do. And I usually say, uh, whatever. I don't know. I think it'd be fun.
OK, so.
Think of all the new listeners we'll get when we have a silk song episode.
Are you going to listen to me, Cody?
Are you going to listen to me?
I'm trying to think if I have anything else to say. No.
You...
Yeah, exactly.
So listen.
You missed out two arguments that you really should make.
Okay. In the game, he's in. Oh, and you don't think the team cherry devs are.
One, concerned ape is in the game.
So, that's the thing.
Yeah, he's credited as a voice in the game.
Wait, what?
Concerned Ape is in Silksong.
Yes. Oh, I didn't know that. Nevermind. Okay. There you go. So you came more prepared than
Like, they don't know who he is, but he is a voice.
I did. I didn't know that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bugs. Bugs. Okay.
He is one of the voices in game, in Silksong.
And two, and this is really the biggest argument, right, that you should use.
And it's probably the reason that I'm going to say fine, let's do it.
No, no, no, definitely not.
I hate thinking of episode topics.
Oh my God. You're so right. Well, let's.
You know this, because you see me almost every week going, "Oh, right, what's the next topic?
We need more topics."
You've really only been doing that like once a month. Now you're like, uh, what are we going
to do for the next month? And then we just like throw stuff out and you're like, yeah,
cool. Let's run with it. Uh, so you've had to, you've had to do that less and less. I will admit,
but yeah, we got you. I did. I already, I already added it y'all.
Oh, thank you.
That's so kind.
You actually put it in the Notion.
You put it in as an episode.
Wow.
So, for the listeners, we use Notion for tracking the episodes.
And like, I have a planning board that I put on episodes, and there's different stages of planning for them.
and Cody has literally put it on the board under the sedan.
I've already made one.
I will I will approve that you didn't put it in suggestion.
You didn't put it in planned.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
I put it in suggestion.
So I will give you that.
I added me as one of the hosts.
I don't know who else, which of the other hosts,
or if there's someone...
Well, I think you do know who it's going to be.
I'm not going to say it on the podcast, but you go.
Okay.
I've added it into notion.
Okay. Who?
I don't know who else is playing it.
Are you not looking at the
Oh, no.
H-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h
All right. So, look, I'm not promising this will happen, listeners. I never promise episodes.
Never promise episodes. But we'll see. We'll see. Is that all you want to talk about with
Silksong today, then? All right. Is that meant to mean something? Is there something in Silksong?
Yes. No. A-woo!
Is it a character in Silksong? Okay. Let's talk about some news. All righty. As I desperately
find where my news document is, here it is. First up, Dingkum, the Australian cosy survival
sim has a release date for Switch. So I'm pretty sure we knew this was coming. It's
out on Steam and they had originally been like, oh yeah, we'll come to Switch as well.
But as with so many games, who knew when it was actually going to happen? And the answer
is we knew. We knew. We now knew. So, it is. Oh, did I say that?
We knew it. We were aware.
Did I say the date? I don't know. 6th of November. That is the day after Craig's birthday.
Yep, ooh nice happy birthday to him. Is he gonna play this?
No, probably not, no. He's still playing Astro Bot because he's obsessed with it.
Okay, oh
He's done everything in the game, but he still continues to play it.
Yeah, fair
I'm trying to get him to start playing.
There I
Haven't I don't know if I've ever actually looked at this game and
I just saw that there are planes and jousting and
I'm just like, I don't know what this game is.
This is one of the games, and I'll talk about this later in the podcast as well, that really
tell you when someone doesn't play many games of this art style, because they go, "Oh, it's
a Minecraft rip-off," and you're like, you can't call anything that uses like, you know,
Yeah.
poly, what's it poly, low poly, low poly, there we go, low poly art styles as a Minecraft
The blocks, yeah.
rip-off.
of Minecraft has now been out for--
or was it 14 years, 2011, 14 years.
Oh my gosh don't say that. Nope. Nope. I'm not that old.
Minecraft is a teenager now.
There are teenagers alive that were born after Minecraft came out.
It's on its it's on its way to vote. It can almost vote. If we still can vote and by the time it's 18.
Well, you can vote 16 in Scotland, so it's not far away from that.
Well in America voting is gonna about to become not a thing.
Yes, so there are so many games that do low-poly art.
Stop comparing everything to Minecraft.
It just shows that you don't know what you're talking about.
It's boring, right?
It is a low-poly survival sim,
and so I understand why people would compare this one to Minecraft,
because it's obviously, you know, Minecraft is a survival game as well.
But this is, I think, very much focused on, like, kind of actually living a life,
whereas like the minecraft was
you know much more about the creative aspects of things. And this is about exploration and
survival and you can catch like massive sharks. So that's interesting. I've not played this game.
Mm-hmm I saw that
It might be something that I would play at some point, but yeah it's cool that it's coming to
Switch finally in November. Next we have Linked Banner of the Spark. This is another game that
Yep, yep, looks cool
that was already out on Steve.
I'm just going to read the blurb on Steam. I feel like that's the easiest way to try
[laughs]
I'm excited for you to explain this.
OK.
and explain, because this game is unexplainable I think.
Build a bright new world alongside a band of rescued robot buddies. In this colourful
action RPG battle waves of enemies in solo or co-op, then return home and use their part
to craft a thriving town. Assemble your crew and grow stronger with each new adventure.
It feels a lot like, obviously not in tone at all, but in terms of gameplay, it feels
a lot like Cult of the Lamb, where you're out. I think the roguelite aspect is, although
- Mm-hmm, yeah.
they never said that in that description, but it is roguelite, the roguelite aspect
I think is you go out and do right.
It was I'm going out to do a run and get stuff, and if I die on the run, sure, I lose some of the stuff that I got on the run, but then I come back to my base and my base is the same. It's consistent and you build it up, and you don't lose it if you die in a run. That's what I liked about cult of the lamb, and so I'm interested in this game. I mean, we vaguely talked about it in June because I think it was in the wholesome direct.
Interesting version of wholesome when there's such a big combat element, but that building is a poke center.
Are you looking at this on Steam?
at the banner of the Spark game.
Yeah.
I mean, I already looked at it earlier.
What-- oh, yeah.
Go look at the third image in the image reel. That is, tell me that's not just a poke center.
That is a pokebond center, if I've ever seen one.
And a Pokemart-- it's a Pokemart and a PokeCenter.
It's like it's a yeah, it's a Pokemon center just with like a random thing stuck on the top and the pokeball logo taken away.
Yeah.
I like the style of this game, the art style of the game, like the kind of the thick lines around all the character models is quite, you know, eye catching. The colors are quite poppy, vibrant. There's the word, yeah.
Mm-hmm
Vibrant they're so vibrant. Yeah, I was just thinking that
Maybe I'll try this at some point. Okay, it's on my wish list. We'll see how things go.
It looks it looks really cool
Yeah.
It's really loud
Oh, they called it rogue life.
They call it a rogue life RPG
You know what? I don't hate that term, right? If this term comes to mean like games like
Cult of the Lamb, where you have a base that is the consistent thing, and you go out and do stuff and bring stuff back to your base.
I quite like that term because it's showing how it's got the
aspects to it in your runs where you can die and lose stuff, but it's life sim, but it also
Mm-hmm
But it's a life sim
like, I think makes that, like that would then tell me which games I like, right? Like it's
rogue life. I like rogue life games. I don't like rogue likes or road lights. I like rogue lives.
Mm-hmm.
There we go. I'm going to make it a thing. Rogue life. Let's go for it. That's the name of the
episode. Rogue life. No, no, no, they have written it, but that doesn't make it a thing, right? We're
Well, you didn't make it a thing. They made it a thing.
We're gonna make a thing.
Okay. Okay. Cool. Was one of the first rogue lives.
We're gonna make everybody use it.
OK, so Cult of the Alarm is a rogue life.
Yes, there are probably others as well.
Okay, like Minecraft?
Well, no, because there's no rogue aspect there.
Well, you go out and go in dungeons and collect stuff and then you come back to your base
Yeah, but like, yeah, but that's not the rogue part.
Like, if you like.
If you die, then you're all your stuff drops where you died you have to go get it again
Yeah, but you can just go and get it again, because it's
like a survival RPG, right?
Whereas with, yeah, well, surprise, surprise.
Sorry, I'm just trying to I'm trying to pick I'm trying to be a but
The point is you lose stuff, right?
It's a day that
If you just drop stuff and you can go pick it up, it's not a rogue like.
It's a day that ends in y being a but yeah, no, I get it
All right, I've added it to my wish list.
No promises I'll play it, but.
I will not promise that
Oh yeah, so it says linked banner of the spark, by the way, bad name, fuses
the action-packed fun of a rogue
light with the rich progression and charm of a life sim.
That definitely makes it sound like your your bass is consistent and stays between runs.
Yeah, you build it up, and you get stronger with each run.
Yeah. Yeah.
OK. OK. OK.
That's what they say.
Let's let's let's do this.
All right. Next, we have.
Do this like you're going to cover that episode, that game.
No promises, I don't promise episodes.
But you said, let's do this.
Let's do this as in let's consider playing the game next.
OK.
We have Story of Seasons Grand Bazaar, that game.
They've released an update.
There's not a lot in it.
It's mostly bug fixes.
But there was one thing that I was very excited about.
And that's that if you fall in the water, you lose less stamina than before the update.
And I am.
- Why did you lose stemma?
Well, because you're draining, you drain in the water and you have to get out of the water.
- Oh, oh.
So you lose stamina.
But it was like it was like a third of your health you lost.
So much. Whereas now it's it's like, you know, a heavy usage on.
The rocks like it's it's annoying, but it's not like you could die if you were
if you only had a third of your health left is not.
Yep, well, I still haven't played this game so good. I'm happy for you though though. Swimming is tiring. I get it.
It is, it is, it is.
Next we have Traveller's Rest.
They have released their 0.7.3.0 update, The Pledge Banquet, and continuing the fun with
Traveller's Rest where every time they have an update they go, "Oh, right, OK, they didn't
have that."
They've added the first chapter of the storyline.
Now, well it's free, I get it.
So this game had no story before, and now it has some story.
I would love to go back and play the f-
The first version of this game back in 2020, and be like "What is in this game? This is such a fascinating- like, was it just a proof of concept? Like, what was it back then?"
Yeah
I mean lens island lens island was like that as well
I remember when I first played it it was very bare-bones and now it's way more of a thing
Yeah, that's fair.
That's fair.
Yeah.
So it's showing promise
Yeah, no, this is not to market in a mean way. This is just like, it's funny because every time they've updated, we're like, "Oh, they didn't have that either."
And it just, it's very funny because I would just love to see what the game actually was back then, five years ago.
Mm-hmm
Yeah, well more important than that
No, sorry before that they also changed bug fixes
And I loved that one of the bug fixes says fixed a bug that caused the housekeeper to get stuck while cleaning
infinite cleaning. Oh, no, it's it's my way.
I was going to say it's my home and realize, no, it's just life with children.
Um
Oh, wait, no, it definitely here.
No, here's a funny joke, right?
Okay, okay
That's just they just described ADHD.
Right, where you end up in like your
infinite recursion of tidying different things and never finishing anything
because you go down in a little loop, you know, like, oh, no, what about this thing?
Mm-hmm. Yeah, rip. But in their, like, post, did you see that they mention a new game called Cozy
I did not notice this, and I only just looked at your notes right now, so I'm going to have
Sanctuary? Yeah. Yeah. So, on the pod. So Cozy Sanctuary is a new game, and it is made by,
to look at this live on the pod.
I want to say, the same people that make, or, like, their friends of the people. Yeah,
Oh, this is never Rusty Lake, it's another Rusty Lake.
- Yeah, so it's another rusty, like, so, quote,
it's coming soon, they don't have anything out about it quite yet, but yeah, it's another little rusty-like, so it sits at the bottom of your screen, looks like there's decorations, like a windmill,
You can unlock new.
You can unlock new species.
There's some really cute little things.
I think the icon is a fox.
But I'm not seeing a fox.
I see a peacock.
[laughs]
I see a duck and a horse that's bouncing really weird.
And a llama.
I guess that's a deer.
There is a demo available now.
So you can go out and play the demo.
Oh, I see the fox.
No, that's a red panda.
and squirrels I'm seeing
more more of the pictures it's dark it's dark they're dark it's like a
The koala looks not healthy.
What are those legs?
two-tone Rhea
It's more the length of them.
They are very long legs, like.
oh oh let me go back yes
Do you know what I mean?
Like, it's legs are the same length as the horse's legs.
A koala should not have legs that long.
I mean what
I think it was on, you know, one of those like racks they used in medieval
times to try and make people taller.
Yeah.
Oh no.
The giraffe, I think I see a sloth.
Mm-hmm.
So many, oh, a duck-billed platypus.
There are so many animals, sheep, goat, very interesting.
Yeah.
It looks really cute. There's porcupine.
So just demo out now. Go play it.
It is unfortunately Windows only.
Maybe they'll make it not Windows at some point in the future,
and I can play it along with Cat Cafe, but alas, not yet.
So, that was it.
That was the last thing in the Traveler's Rest post, they just mentioned that.
Yeah, yeah, no, no, good. That's all good.
Next we have Tomodachi Life, Living the Dream. This is the new Tomodachi Life game. We got
a new trailer in the Nintendo Direct, including not a release date, but a release season.
So it's coming out. We knew it was coming out in 2026. We now know it's coming out in
spring 2026.
Ooh, so I think I made the comment of will this make it worth it, but I think that what I was thinking was that this was the Plaza game, but it's not the Plaza game.
Oh, no, no, this is not Tamagotchi Plaza, this is Tomodachi life.
Yeah, I'm sure I made that joke again at some point.
Yeah, it's funny because they were both announced in the same
in the same Nintendo Direct and whenever it was March or whenever.
And that was very amusing to me,
the fact that they were such similar in titles, Tomogachi and Tomodachi.
Yeah okay well I was very confused so never mind redact my will this make it worth a comment.
You've redacted the thing you never needed
to say because it was just written on the document.
Correct it was not.
I know that some people absolutely love this game.
I am fascinated by this game.
I obviously have to buy it and play it.
I honestly don't know if it's going to be my kind of thing or not.
It's very weird.
It's giving sims.
Yeah, but it's giving Sims if everything was just weird.
You know, it's, it's, it's, it's literally like someone took Sims and went.
What about, what about we do The Sims, but everything's weird.
[laughing]
That is literally what it just like, and it's,
it's hard to even describe how weird everything seems, but it is all weird.
Yeah, I think the thing that got me was there's a me character that eats lettuce and the lettuce is photorealistic, but it's like the me.
Yeah, all the characters are me style, but yeah, it's funny to me that they've not upgraded
the me characters, they're all still the same as they were back in the Wii times, except
they're all seem a bit shinier in this game, but like yeah, the facial expressions and
all these things are all exactly the same as they were, just like higher res, but.
No more detail, just more pixels of the same.
Yeah, yeah, I don't know, I don't know how to feel about this game, but it's interesting.
As is tradition.
That's okay.
Yeah, I mean, I thought it was it looks interesting.
Yeah, I think that's the best way to describe it.
It sure is interesting.
I don't think I'll play it.
Yeah, fair, but some of that lettuce is terrifying.
That should be the podcast title.
The lettuce is terrible.
No, it's rogue life.
All right, Stardew Valley, again,
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
they also announced in the Nintendo Direct
that there is a Switch 2 version coming.
It will be a free update to everyone
who owns it on Switch already.
And it includes mouse mode and game share.
You can play multiplayer with game share.
So if one of you owns the game,
up to four of you can play multiplayer together.
which is just awesome. Yeah, um, like
So that's cool.
The mouse mode is funny because it's like,
obviously it was a mouse-based game originally,
and then it added controller support to go to consoles,
and now it's mouse is back again.
[laughing]
Nature is healing.
I really don't understand who's using mouse mode
on the Switch too, except for gimmicks and stuff like that.
Like if you're playing Stardew Valley, are you gonna set up your thing to play it in mouse mode?
I guess maybe if it's like your one game playing thing and you set it up on a desk like a gaming
PC, then I could maybe see doing it that way. But that feels like a very niche mark.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I, I don't know.
I don't when people get like all of these other consoles and like,
or other like ways to do it, like even controller support.
Sometimes I don't understand it because I just my peanut brain
can't handle too much stimulation.
So, but good that they're giving it and they're offering it.
I think it's really cool that he is continuing to...
You know just make it easier for people to play his game
And enjoying it. I feel like I saw maybe you guys mentioned this last episode
I feel like I heard something about like Stardew Valley 2 like he might make a second one
Okay, cool
I haven't heard anything about that. He's got a new 1.7 update coming, and obviously there's
It was a fever dream
haunted chocolate here, but I've not heard anything about Stardew Valley 2. I don't think
he would, like I feel like if he's going to add more stuff about Stardew Valley 2, he would just
add stuff into the game. Here we go, there is a quote from four months ago where he says,
quote, I hate when they just like take a quote and like split it up over a whole article. It's
like, let me just read the quote.
Yeah.
No, they want you to do the whole thing.
Like, they want you to read the whole article because it gives more screen time
and they get more ad revenue from that.
The more screen time you are on the...
Capitalism, Elle.
Capitalism.
No, I thought it was something recent and I feel like he was streaming with someone.
It also could have been a dream.
I have literally...
OK, here we go. I've got the actual quote finally.
It only took me four different articles to find it.
This was on a podcast
and he said, I might eventually make a Stardew Valley too, to be honest.
It's just so much easier to add more stuff
to Stardew Valley than to make a whole new game from scratch.
The major systems are already done.
That's the stuff that's not fun to do.
When I make an update, it's like, you know, oh, throw this in, throw in that.
Let's add green rain.
Yeah.
I do love the green rain.
and your name's great.
Yeah, I don't think he will.
I don't think he'll make a Stardew Valley, too.
I think we'll be lucky if Hunter Chocolatier ever comes out.
I don't see why he would, realistically, right,
when he can just keep adding more to Stardew Valley.
Mm-hmm
I think the only reason you would want to make another version of that
is if you have a whole different cast of characters do you do?
In which case it's not really Stardew Valley, too,
Mm-hmm
unless it's like, you know, far in the future or far in the past,
where nobody is around anymore.
Mm-hmm
It would be cute I think it'd be cute to do like a prequel where you build the valley
Yeah, but then you also know that the problem with all prequels is you know that it ends with the farm being run down. Sad.
Mm-hmm. Yeah stuff happens
Can't make me sad
Well done. Not swearing.
Can't make me see you're welcome. I can't make me sad. I'm an American
Sadness is in my blood
So Bruce Banner in "The Avengers" when he goes, that's my secret. I'm always angry.
I'm always angry. Yeah
That's my secret. I'm always sad.
All right, we have one more piece of news before we get on to our main topic of farmland.
Sorry, it's the fact that I got like the main topic.
And that is the new Pokmon game has just been announced. This is for After Legends ZA.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
This is coming out in 2026, and this is Pokopia, which if you don't immediately catch it,
Pokmon Utopia. And this is a Pokmon farming game. And let me tell you, Cody,
- Mm-hmm.
did you watch the director? Did you just like what?
I didn't watch the direct, but you put a video in.
I mean, I skipped through the direct,
but you put a video in.
Let me run you through how my brain goes when we do this, right?
And so I just watched the video on two times speed.
So it pops up, you get the Switch 2 logo, fantastic.
And then it goes, it's black, and it opens up with this like, little kind of snowy scene,
and then a Pokeball drops in, and you're like, "Oh, Pokemon, that's interesting.
I wasn't expecting Pokemon in this, okay."
in the Nintendo Direct.
And then it hatches, and there's a ditto, and you're like, "Oh, interesting, ditto."
And then you're like, "Oh, but wait a minute.
That doesn't look like our model.
I literally said this in the Discord, I'm like, "That does not look like it's a Legend ZA thing.
What is this? Is this a different game?" And then Ditto looks at this...
>> Okay.
Pokedex, that's it. I was like, "Poked-cyclopedia? I can't remember what the word is, yeah, Pokedex."
And you're like, "Okay, interesting." And then Ditto transforms into a human, and you're like,
"Oh my word! This is horrifying! I love it!" And then you see the blocks of the world,
and then it zooms out and you just.
Like, oh my word, this is, this is, this is, I'm just swear Cody.
Minecraft.
And I'm like, oh my word, is this what I think it is?
Is this a Pokemon farming game?
And you're like, I don't know, I don't want to get too excited yet
because it could be anything.
It could be an RPG or something like that, maybe.
- Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, because you're a Pokemon.
And then Bulbasaur is talking to you and you're like, oh, interesting.
OK.
And Ditto's thinking, Ditto's thinking and going, oh, I've learned vine whip
and I can now make grass.
Okay.
I'm now thinking maybe this is a Pokemon farming game, because that's not a thing you
just normally do in a Pokemon game. And then you learn Squirtle's Water Gun, and you squirtle
Mm-hmm
on the grass to make it happy again. And then I'm like, I'm going to fill in something. And then
Charmander pops out, you learn some fiery thing from Charmander, and you can set a fire, and great,
fantastic. And then it very much is very clear that this is a Pokemon farming game, because you
and you cut down trees. And not only that, but you then start being Hitmonchan and punching
away the land, you're terraforming, and then you're building tables, and you've got a crafting table,
and you're, you are properly farming at this point. You've got tomatoes, you've got carrots,
you've got potatoes, you've got, you've made fences, you've made a little hut,
you're doing more terraforming, there's water, there's a waterfall. And I'm like,
guys, this is a Pokemon farming game, and all my dreams are coming true, and I can't believe.
Pokemon farming. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
We finally, nearly seven years after starting this podcast, finally got a Pokemon farming game,
Pokeopia. I'm so, so excited about this. It's also funny because it's actually Game Freak that's
making this, which is interesting, because obviously they did, what was the other block-based
Mm-hmm
Pokemon game? Can you remember the one? Quest, yeah, yeah, so they did Quest. It looks very much
kind of similar sort of art stage.
The blocks and stuff, obviously the Pokemon are like normal Pokemon, they're not horrifying abominations of nature, except obviously the digital human.
Yeah.
I don't know what to say, except that I'm super excited and I can't believe I have to wait till next year for this.
Oh yes, let me look at my bullet points then, if I don't know what to say. It looks like Dragon Quest Builders.
It looked basically like Pokemon version of Dragon Quest Builders, which we do have an episode on Dragon Quest Builders too.
I enjoyed that, but I would enjoy it a lot more if I have Pokemon.
It's like a Pokemon game with no humans, you just have Pokemon, which is excellent. I enjoy that.
Mm-hmm though you I think you can do multiplayer because there was a second person running around. Yeah, okay
Yes, but it's just another ditto.
I love that Pokemon have said that our version of a Utopia has no people. I mean, same, right?
Same
It's a Pokemon farming game.
Yeah, well I they were gonna have to do it eventually I mean farming games have just exploded
And it's clearly a moneymaker, which is why I think game freak would would get on it
Because why would they let all of that sweet sweet cash cow go to someone else?
Literally cow look we're probably gonna milk milk tanks. Are we gonna get milk from milk tanks and sell it?
This is interesting, they didn't show any of that, they just showed like crops, they didn't show.
I think it would both be weird and also make a lot of sense, so I don't know which way.
I think you could make an argument either way as to why.
It makes I mean there's it's it's clearly like I think you can buy that in a lot of games of the game, so it's
Yes, but we are also a Pokemon, so we're not a human, we're a Pokemon talking to Pokemon,
Well known that it's a thing
and I think it would be a little bit weird if we were milking a Miltank as a human.
they're allowed to use Pokemon as Pokemon too it is weird you're right yeah
I I really like it I think it's one of those things that as I get older I
suspend my excitement for the later times because I just have so much going
on in the present but like when it comes out I'm 100% playing it does it was it
for the switch - did they say that Jeff just yeah Jeff just asked he was like
I believe it is switched to, yeah, not switch.
Look, it was gonna, it was gonna happen at some point, right?
do you would you rather have a switch to her a steam deck I was like a steam
Oh no.
deck so but I have time I have time to get this game I mean I didn't get the
Oh no, Cody.
switch for for like the first year or two that it was out either I didn't I
waited until Animal Crossing was coming out.
so yeah I think yeah go for it okay uh well they also have the thing I was
You know what interesting, so see the last, sorry, nope.
gonna say is that they also have combi in it and so they might have like honey
Honey, honey I could definitely see that makes a lot that's a lot less weird right because it's
just like Combee is making the honey and saying like "hey here's some honey" right whereas like
I guess could miltank milk itself? Would that make it less weird?
You don't think it's weird a ditto be pretending to be a human milking a miltank?
I don't think you know what happens in, in the world.
I mean, ditto aren't milking cows.
I mean, puppy, like a dog will raise kittens a lot of the time.
Like if she has extra milk.
Okay, sure, but it's the digital going up and actually doing the milking that is the
So other animals benefit from the milk provided by other animals all the time.
weird thing to me.
Oh, so, okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna suck.
I think if the milk tank provides the milk and just goes here's milk, that I think solves
Yeah, milks, milks itself.
the problem.
That's not weird.
Yes, I think that's not weird.
I don't know.
And see the end of the trailer, right, it zooms out onto this clearly like mid-game
area or like version of the game where you've got a bunch of crops.
I think the crop management is really bad.
Why have you got those massive empty spaces?
[laughter]
Go deal with that.
Yeah.
But that aside, a couple of interesting things I'd like to hyper focus on here.
OK.
One, they have a Pokemon center at the top of the center.
Is that actually a focus center or is it
a building in the shape of a focus center?
Like what is it there for?
That leads me to believe that there are lots of other buildings that we're going
to be building, right, because obviously at the beginning you just see like this
Mm-hmm.
little shack, essentially, right?
And then we're now at this point, we've got our Pokemon Center.
Mm-hmm.
Interesting.
There's also a Snorlax that's blocking the way.
That was another thing that I thought was interesting.
Uh, it's.
Is that just as Norlax has decided to fall asleep or is that a story based thing or is that just for the trailer?
This whole thing makes makes me feel like this specific bit, you know, this specific scene looks like something out of Pokemon Let's Go.
And I wonder if they're trying to make that connection, the Kanto connection.
There are non Kanto Pokemon in this scene, but not many.
Most of them are Kanto Pokemon in this scene.
Lots of non Kanto Pokemon throughout the whole thing, but I'm only seeing three in this that aren't Kanto, whereas all the rest are Kanto here, I think.
- Mm-hmm, well, that's something that can be added in DLCs, so.
Yes. Yeah, no, I'm not saying that I'm worried that there aren't going to be lots of non Kanto Pokemon.
I just think, are they trying to make us think about Let's Go in this scene and is that leading to some hints of what could be to come?
I'm just spitballing ideas is what I'm thinking.
There's a bike.
Mm-hmm I mean it this straight up by the end this just looks like a root
Are we going to ride the bike?
Well, that's the thing.
They also have the root sign at the beginning as well.
Yeah
Like, are we going to be able to believe, is this a Pokemon maker, right?
a Pokemon game maker.
Like, are we going to make our own Pokemon region?
Like, that's essentially what we're building here, right?
That's what it looks like you're building.
Yeah, it really does.
I like the idea of that.
I'm absolutely fascinated as to what this is going to be like to play.
Yeah, I don't know.
I would like the idea of you making your own little route
and then being a gatekeeper about your route.
I mean, the top comment on this YouTube is, how long after launch will we see a recreation
of the whole Kanto region in this game? Yeah, I mean, it's not going to take long.
[laughs]
Yeah.
Yeah, it just depends on how much space they give us.
If they give us other areas other than just this basic route
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
style, or is there a forest?
Is there water other than the little stream?
Is there going to be a story or is it completely sandboxy?
I don't know.
It's-- uh-huh.
So this is OK, let's go back to the Minecraft thing, right?
Because the thing that all the big games websites are doing is,
"Oh, they've made Minecraft Pokmon!"
And you're like, I get annoyed by that, because again, like with Dinkum,
But even more so on this.
This is clearly not like a survival game, right?
It's town building, it's you know, but it's not survival.
The existence of a POKI Center
Infers to me that are not infers but like suggests
Our main Pokmon games, are they survival games?
No, exactly.
No, they're adventure
It's a base building game, clearly, but it's not.
Like, I don't think it's going to be like a survival like Dinkum and Minecraft are,
but my point is just like, again, people just jump to "there are blocks, therefore Minecraft",
and it gets me so annoyed because no, I know exactly what you were doing, but I'm annoyed
- Yeah, that's why I made the comment.
because it's like big games news publications are doing this, and I just like "you should know better,
no more games". There are other games that have blocks, and there are other games you can compare
compare this to.
I understand why people are comparing this to Animal Crossing, but it's also not, right?
Because it's a huge part of Animal Crossing is the villagers.
And yes, there are Pokemon here, but I don't think that are.
I don't think this is going to be like building relationships with the Pokemon.
I think the Pokemon are really just there as one, obviously, to learn their skills and use them.
Right. Because you have to meet a Bulbasaur to be able to grow the grass.
You have to meet a Squirtle to water the plants, which I really like.
It's a fun way of doing farming.
I'm excited to try that out, but I don't think we're going to be learning about Charmander's
story, right? They're going to have things to say, but they're not going to have huge backstories,
I don't think. And I just feel like people, they jump to these three things, right? "Oh,
it's like Minecraft because block, it's like Animal Crossing because you're making a town,
or it's like Stardew because farming." And you're like, "No, there are other games,
And if you're going to compare it to something.
Which you don't need to, but if you're going to compare it to something.
It is Dragon Quest Builders 2, right?
That is what it is.
And it's unknown exactly whether there will be story elements.
And that was the case with Dragon Quest Builders 2.
It had a story.
Is this just going to be sandbox-y?
Or is there going to be a progression through that story?
I don't know.
Is there just one island?
Are there multiple islands?
Because another thing with Dragon Quest Builders
is you have different islands that you travel to throughout the story.
Build up bases there on different islands.
That's an interesting question to me.
Is this just going to be one island or multiple?
How big is it?
What exactly will the terraforming be?
Are you just able to do it to a certain point like with Animal Crossing.
Where you can't expand the island.
You can only go up or down.
And only like up three levels or whatever.
Is it going to be that restrictive?
Or is it going to be less restrictive like Dragon Quest Builders 2.
Where you can go up really high.
I still don't think you can expand the a--
or is it going to be Minecrafty where it's like, you can do whatever you want, you can get rid of any block, you can add any block.
Are you going to have to get resources to build blocks or are you going to be able to just make them out of nowhere?
So many questions. I'm really fascinated. But yeah, get better games to compare this to, right?
Yeah, I agree.
I think that also there's just like, there's a lot of possibilities, like a
lot of different directions this could go in.
Um, so like saying, Oh, it's a Minecraft.
Oh, it's a whatever.
Like we don't know yet.
We know very little right now.
Yeah, agreed, agreed, I saw Vulpix at one point, where was I saw Vulpix?
So, but I am excited.
I was mostly looking for Vulpix and I did not see it.
Oh, okay.
That was the most important thing to me.
So the section after, so two, two minutes 18 sleeping on a bench.
What's the timestamp timestamp timestamp?
Oh, look at him seeping.
It was barely there.
I think I was distracted by the Ludicolo in the next one.
Look at him.
He's so, oh, you could see his.
Bings screenshot.
there's a water wheel, there's definitely more like you're building beds inside a building.
So it's definitely some decoration aspects to it inside. I need I have a feeling that
the POCA Center is just a building with that design. That is my theory because it is smaller
than normal and it just looks like it's the same sort of physical size as the original hut. It's
just it's you know the outside looks fancier and I think it's
how do I edit this? I don't think I can. We're good.
Okay, look, we're going to have a lot more to talk about this in the future, but that's
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
probably enough for just now. So that is the news.
POCOPIA.
All right, on to our main topic. Let's see how long we get out of this. This is farmland,
a YouTube playable, as I mentioned earlier in the episode. It is a thing that YouTube
does now where you can get games and, oh boy, are they things that exist.
Yes.
Okay, so a quick explanation of this game. You start out on this teeny tiny little piece
of land you are farming. You click a button to start sowing seeds. I think you start with
corn. You walk around the place of land, automatically sowing seeds after you press the button. And
then once you finish sowing, it then shows another button to water. You see water everything
and they grow almost immediately and then once you've grown them all you then get a
little button to harvest them, you harvest them all, and then you go and sell them,
and then that's pretty much it. With the money you can do a few things but it's all basically
just to do more of the same. There's different crops, so they start off with one tiny little
island and with the money you can buy other bits of land and you can also buy workers who do things
automatically and the different pieces of
land give you like different, different crops to grow. So there's three on the first section
um and plus animal they have there's animals um and you don't know what's going to be on the next
and then there's three others on the next section.
area so it just shows like later on it just shows how much it costs to get to the next section
And sometimes it's literally just like half a bridge or it is a corner to get to another
but it doesn't tell you what's on that section so you just kind of like are randomly dispensing
money.
Yep.
piece of land. There are multiple where I've gone and it's literally just been a piece
of land. There's nothing on it at all. You don't get to. You don't get. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I do really like there's a cat and a dog.
We got into them yet.
Um, you don't-
you don't choose what is where, uh, you- you go and there is what is on the land, so like,
you might find a single chicken on the piece of land, um, or you might find a farm, or you
might find a tree with apples, um, or as you say you might find a cat or a dog or nothing,
Yep.
just some- just the path. Um, it's very much like, I think the idea behind it is
automating things quickly and then just
like building that up with the money that you have because like you can you can unlock workers
and then like upgrade them with more money.
Mm-hmm.
Yep, they get faster.
Trying to think if there's anything else to say.
There's also-- you can upgrade your barn capacity.
I think-- yep, I've got fishing.
I got some boats.
So I'm assuming as the game gets more and more ridiculously
huge, you can--
I can't figure out how to do the fishing.
you have to just find, you find fish that spawn around your
islands. He's just buying the fish and he has lines, but yeah.
Oh right, okay, so I thought that he's just buying the fish, right, okay.
Of course.
Oh, I found the fish, there we go, I see.
But yeah, so it's, it's very, very simple. It's like those
games that are like additive where, you know, you, you have
a small amount of something in the beginning and you get like,
they have them in like zombie survival games where in order to
area to escape zombies, you have to have like a certain amount
of energy or something. And then as you just gets bigger and
bigger number go big is what this this game is. I do like
the every so often, I want to say like every four minutes or
something. It just randomly rains.
Yeah, so that's an interesting mechanic. It seems to be whatever island you're on at that
time, whatever section of the map you're on, it will rain on. And so if you're on the first
section, then you have like four fields that it uses up. But if I'm on, because it just
literally just rained for me there, but I was on the second island where I only have
Mm-hmm, mhmm, womp womp.
one plot of stuff. The interesting thing about the rain is it makes things grow even if you
haven't sewn any seeds, which I'm not sure.
Yep.
Uh, pharmacy legacy crops, they're seeds.
You've, you spilled some seeds and they go up.
I don't know.
I'm not going to complain.
It's a thing.
Um, it's a thing, but yeah, just number go big, um, and try and
like upgrade your people and they automate and get crops for you.
And then the one thing I don't have, I don't see automation for
you is taking stuff from your barn to the celly guy.
Yes, I've not encountered that either. I suspect there won't be one for that, because they still
Mm-hmm.
want you to actually do something in the game, right? Because otherwise you would just sit with
it doing nothing and it would literally be like cookie clicker or, you know, paperclip maker,
where at some point you just stop playing the game. Which is a thing you can do,
but the question is, do you want to encourage people to stop playing your game eventually?
I don't know. This is mind-numbing. I kind of like it. I don't I don't there's not there's no incentive to
keep going other than
unlock all
locked areas
I
Also love so it says rain will grow your fields while you watch this video, but you can X out of that
I haven't experienced that, and I presume you're not YouTube Premium. I am YouTube Premium,
So it's like please watch this video, which I'm sure they would get content from
You
so I wonder if I don't get that because I'm YouTube Premium, which is interesting. Look,
That would make sense
Yeah, I'm not
I'm not going to pretend this is a good game. This is not a good game. You know what this
It's it's just a very basic
feels like so you know how you get the
phone game ads which is like "oh here's an exciting like zombie game" or whatever
Mm-hmm
and then you actually play it and it's something completely different.
This is the something completely different that you would get. This is not the one that they would
make an advert for because nobody would look at an advert for this and go "oh yeah that looks
like a good game" but it is definitely a game that exists that you could put in as that game.
Well, we have to have our game, so this is the game.
Yeah, I think that this is a very simple game.
I think that people will play it and they'll get ad revenue for it.
Um, for sure.
For the videos, if you can't, for people who might not be able
to X out of them, I don't know when it rains.
Um, but yeah, I mean, it's very, very simple and I am able to play on my phone.
Like I'm playing on my phone right now.
Oh, cool. I yeah, I was playing on my on my computer with the mason keyboard. So interesting.
Um.
Yeah, I was curious.
Yeah, I basically just like clicked the link that you sent and then it was like sign into your thingy sign into your YouTube and then I did.
Um, and that's it.
That's cool.
So, um, yeah, I it's it's game that exists.
Nice.
Uh.
I'd also, one other thing I would like for this is I'd like another barn where I can hire more people for the other areas.
I'm assuming you unlock that.
Yeah, I'm guessing so, but I'm at the point where it's like my next one is like 60,000, I have to earn to get there, it's going to take a while.
Oh, yeah, I'm not there yet.
So I'm not going to do that because I'm not enjoying this.
I'm not game enough to do that.
But it gets-- number get big so fast, Al.
It does, but also my number get big in Grand Bazaar as well.
I sold like 800,000 this week in my Bazaar, so.
That's true. That's, that's, that's, that's this game. Nope. A simple game. Interesting
That's a game.
I really don't think there's anything else to talk about, is there?
Cool.
Good game.
Well, no bad game.
Good chat.
All right. Thank you.
game. Thank you for listening to and being convinced by my request to have a Silksong
Thank you, Cody, for joining me to talk about bookopia.
episode.
I never promised anything. Thank you listeners for listening. Cody, where can people find you on
I'm on Instagram @hikingbeagle, @beagle, I am on that other thing, @bluesky@codymanathos which is just my name, and I'm on the Slack with cute photos that I've put up there and I will continue to put cute photos up there.
Cool. I should close this tab. You can find the podcast on Tumblr and on BlueSky at THSPod.
You can send us feedback from our website harvestseason.club, where you can also find
links to everything to do with the podcast, including our Patreon, patreon.com/thspod,
where you can get bonus episode of the podcast. One just dropped as we were recording for
That was a very fun episode!
Spencer talking about insect kaiju. It was a good episode. I enjoyed listening to it
I hope you had fun editing it.
while I was editing it. I did. Yeah, yeah. And you can also get into our Slack, where
Yeah.
we post pictures of baby dogs, puppies, and Stuart. Stuart looked in the thread literally
puppies, and toe beans, and yeah, Stuart's already--
three minutes after you posted it, so...
Another thing I'll post a video of is I'm watching
my tattoo artist's hairless cat right now,
Oh, fair enough. Cool. All right. Well, I think that's everything. Thank you, Cody, again,
and he is in love with Stella, so I will post photos of that.
for joining me. Thank you, listeners, for listening. And until next time, have a good
Thank you for having me.
Have a good harvest.
The harvest season is created by Al McKinlay, with support from our patrons, including our
Ow, ow, ow, puppy, ow, ow.
pro farmers, Kevin, Stuart and Alisa.
Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Feel free to visit our website harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
in this episode.
[Music fades]
But first, you'll go first about what you're up to because mine's.
Really, that's how you're going to word it.
That's really how you're going to do it.
That's how you're going to do it.
Yes, I paused so that you could do it.
How is it?
I thought you were going to do it properly, Cody.
Come on.
Oh, but first, Al, what have you been up to?
Smooth!
They're they're here.
All the listeners are here for the professionalism that we bring
to the podcast.